>>NARRATOR: This week on Gaia.
On Open Minds with
Regina Meredith--
>>FRANK DELUCA: I really
had to go back to zero
and say, now, why would I
talk about the Enneagram?
I drank the Kool-Aid a long
time ago, but not everybody has.
If they had this language, if
they had this point of view,
oh, it would just
be so much more fun.
We have a kind of
contracted self--
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Yes.
>>DELUCA: And an expanded self.
>>REGINA: Very well put.
>>NARRATOR: On Beyond
Belief with George Noory.
>>DEVARA THUNDERBEAT: They
actually took me up in the ship
and brought me to
Sirius A, and stopped me
before we got into Sirius A.
He came and did a
circle around me.
And I said, what is he doing?
And he said, he's looking
for immoral implants.
>>NARRATOR: On Truth Hunter.
>>LINDA MOULTON
HOWE: The DIA analyst
who requested the
meeting, he had
said that he wanted to
control the location
to make sure that satellites
wouldn't penetrate.
And where we met was where
there was a lot of boats--
lots of white noise.
And as we went to sit
down at a place to talk,
he looked up at the
sky and he said,
I don't think our satellites
can penetrate this white noise.
And that's how it began.
>>NARRATOR: On
Cosmic Disclosure.
>>DAVID ADAIR: Where a creature
lives on a chronological
timeline, you're
12, 13, 14, 15, 16--
and she was trying to tell
me that that's really rare.
We didn't even think
such creatures existed.
They're unstuck
in time-- they can
go forwards, backwards, present,
they live in all the moments.
>>NARRATOR: On a new Into
the Vortex with Jimmy Church.
>>MICAH HANKS: We have to
look at this in terms of what
it means to all of humanity.
And so when you report on it,
at a site like The Debrief,
we've got to think about what
are the credible sources?
What are the major developments?
What is the
importance, culturally,
in terms of politics
and government, science?
All those things.
But yeah, I mean, it's huge.
And as far as what you
call it, hey, listen,
they've been known for
a long time as UFOs--
I'm still cool with that.
But I think that especially
the military going with UAP,
they're trying to kind of
lift those old stigmas.
Either/or work for me,
as long as we're all
talking about the same thing and
trying to move forward with it.
>>NARRATOR: New series.
>>ARMANDO MEI: My
name is Armando Mei,
and I am an
investigative journalist,
self-trained
Egyptologist, and author.
I will read to you a new
theory on the origins
of the pyramids of Giza, or what
Egyptologists call Zep Tepi--
the creation of ancient Egypt.
>>NARRATOR: New series.
>> I want you to allow yourself
to reprogram your wonderful
subconscious mind.
>>NARRATOR: A new documentary.
>> We've been asking for
millennia, what is life?
Isn't that what we
all want to know?
What is life?
What is consciousness?
>> How is it that we're
aware that we're aware?
What remains if ego or
self dissolves completely?
>> Consciousness is before
everything an experience.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> We see the world
as separate from us.
We see things, not beings.
>> The big question is,
how do you turn the waters
of the brain into the wine
of our conscious experience?
>> Meditation is the tried and
true course for understanding
the nature of mind, and
psilocybin is the crash course.
>> It felt like the
heartbeat of reality, itself.
The question is, how much
of reality you can take.
>>NARRATOR: Only on Gaia.